[8.15][DOCS] Document inference API breaking change (#111633)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/migration/migrate_8_15.asciidoc

instead of `?timeout=-1`
====

[[replace_model_id_with_inference_id]]
.Replace `model_id` with `inference_id` in GET inference API
[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +
From 8.15 onwards the <<get-inference-api>> response will return an
`inference_id` field instead of a `model_id`.

*Impact* +

> If your application looks for the `model_id` in a GET inference API response,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application uses the `model_id` in a GET inference API response,
```
